Tom: Are you going to have a holiday this year ,  Mrs . Young ? 
Mrs .  Young: Yes ,  we are thinking of visiting my brother Fred ,  who *  is a farmer . 
Tom: Farming's a very nice job ,  although *  farmers have to work hard .  They have to get up at 5:00 in the morning . 
Mrs .  Young: Well ,  Tom ,  as a doctor ,  you're quite used to getting up in the night .  Well ,  as a *  matter of fact ,  I have just received a text message from Fred .  He always sends messages to me to keep me informed of how everything is going in his farm . 
Tom: That's quite good . 
Mrs .  Young: Fred says here that his corn is ready for harvest .  And he is thinking of buying some more fields next year . 
Tom: Oh ,  he must *  be doing well . 
Mrs .  Young: Oh yes ,  I think he is . He's proud of having the largest farm in Kent . 
Tom: I expect you're looking forward to seeing him . 
Mrs .  Young: Yes ,  we certainly are .  And I shall have some outdoor exercises . 
Tom: You know ,  when I was young ,  I was quite good at ploughing . 
Mrs .  Young: Last time I was at my brother's ,  I once tried my hand at milking a cow . The result was terrible !  I'll never forget the look of pity on *  that cow's face ! 

A good education should make people think for themselves .  But the exam can never do anything like that . 
First ,  examinations are second to none because they bring anxiety to students .  As soon as a child  begins school ,  he will enter a *  world of terrible competition . 
Second ,  exams do not interest students to read or to learn widely .  They do not help students look for more and more knowledge ,  but *  try to put as much as possible into the students' head . 
Third ,  they lower the standards of teaching ,  for they do not give any freedom to teachers to decide what *  to teach .  Teachers themselves have no choice but to train their students in exam techniques .  The most successful students are not always the best educated but the best trained in the technique of exams . 
Fourth ,  they can tell you nothing about a person's true ability .  The exams are often nothing more than a subjective assessment  by some examiners . 
However *  ,  if there are no exams ,  few students or even no one will *  do any revision or study ! 

On *  Christmas in the UK ,  mince pies are a popular food .  They are small ,  sweet cakes filled with dried fruits such as raisins and apples .  Christmas pudding is another traditional party food .  This is a larger cake made of fruit ,  nuts ,  spices and suet .  These puddings also contain alcohol to increase the flavor .  On Christmas Day ,  the pudding is soaked in brandy and set on fire before it is eaten . 
Another common treat is eggnog ,  a sweet holiday drink made of milk ,  sugar ,  cream and *  beaten eggs .  It is often flavored with cinnamon  or nutmeg .  The drink dates back to England ,  but it *  later became popular in the US ,  Canada and elsewhere . 
US
 
In the US ,  Christmas dinner looks like another holiday feast ,  the *  Thanksgiving meal .  Thus ,  roast turkey and ham are typical food centerpieces on Dec 25 . 
Side dishes are similar to *  those eaten on Thanksgiving: mashed potatoes ,  string beans ,  buttered rolls and various root vegetables .  Desserts are usually pies   such as apple ,  pumpkin or pecan   or homemade caramels or shortbread . 

There was a story about Ken Davis ,  a man who found a simple way to enjoy his work .  He had a variety of jobs and disliked them at all .  While Ken was working as *  a door­to­door salesman ,  he noticed that at least half of his *  customers had broken­down doorbells .  And suddenly ,  Ken's life career became clear .  He opened his own doorbell repair service . 
Ken's wife laughed when she first heard his idea .  When she realized he was serious ,  she cried .  Whoever heard of making a living by repairing doorbell ?  But Ken was making a *  comfortable living at his unique job ,  and he was happier than he'd ever been . 
Ken didn't enjoy what he was doing ,  but now he is enjoying what he is doing because *  he has got to realize that he is working for himself .  Because of his passion for work ,  he is more devoted to it and does his work more creatively and efficiently . 
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else .  Remember ,  jobs are owned by the company; you own your career ! 
No matter where you work ,  you work for yourself !  With a little creativity and imagination ,  your work can seem less like boring work and more like play .  To enjoy your work more ,  it helps to put some play in what you do .  Wouldn't you rather have it that way ? 


Spring festival is the time when *  family members   no matter how far from home they are   reunite and enjoy a dinner together . 
Fish and chicken are two examples of certain dishes that can be seen on almost every table in China at the Spring Festival feast .  Serving these two dishes is believed to bring wealth and good luck to families in the coming year .  As for the other parts of this special dinner ,  traditions vary from *  region to region . 
Pig's feet stew and chicken feet are popular in Hunan at the Spring Festival feast ,  which are considered particularly lucky ,  as they are said to be able to hold onto things you desire in the coming year ,  like money . 
The Spring Festival feast in Jiangsu is just like that of most parts of the country .  But it is the snacks that *  make the feast unique . People always have spring rolls during the feast .  It originally involved the custom of  " biting spring "  ,  which means to welcome spring by eating spring rolls . 
In northern China ,  people eat dumplings at midnight on lunar New Year's Eve because *  the word for dumplings ,  jiaozi ,  is pronounced the same as a word meaning ,   " the end of the old time and the beginning of the new "  .  The shape of dumplings also resembles that *  of ancient gold ingots ,  so eating them symbolizes people's hope for a *  plentiful year . 

Cora: Right ,  perhaps you could tell me something about how you got interested in environmental science ,  and what experience you have in the subject . 
Neil: Well ,  I've always been attracted by plants and animals ,  and then last year a cousin of mine ,  Mike Proctor ,  invited me to Brazil ,  He's the head of a project there run by a *  European organisation .  The organisation's aim is to help groups of villages set up their own schools and medical centres .  They also encourage agriculture and the setting up of businesses to sell local products .  Anyway ,  it was during *  my stay I really began to understand the impact of climate change .  I wanted to learn more about this ,  so *  I decided to take this course .  
Cora: And since you've been back ,  have you done anything *  to develop your interest in the area ? 
Neil: Yes ,  I've read a book about energy saving .  And I was particularly interested in how the Netherlands had begun to overcome the problem .  The government has introduced some really interesting projects on energy saving in cities .  There's also a recycling project ,  which *  is saving a huge amount of our natural resources .  What's needed now ,  though ,  is to expand work like this across the world . 

As *  we all know ,  life is full of dreams and having a good dream is of *  great importance in our daily life .  Without a good dream ,  people can't make progress; without a good dream ,  countries can't develop; without a good dream ,  the world can't become so beautiful !  And I hold the strong belief that everyone ,  whether *  he is old or young ,  poor or rich ,  does have a good dream ! After all , dreaming is certainly a positive part of our life ,  and wishing for good things ,  however ,  costs nothing . 
What's more ,  it *  is important to fly our dreams ,  especially for those who are Senior 3 students .  It is high time for them to fly their dreams .  If they can't let dreams fly ,  the dream would just be a dream ,  not a reality ! 
Therefore ,  it is no wonder that *  so many people have a dream since their childhood .  With a nice dream ,  China launched successfully Chang'e­3 to the moon in 2013; with a nice dream ,  Li Na won the championship in the Australian Open in 2014 . 
If *  you want to realize your dream ,  do not lose heart in face of difficulties or failures or lose your dream in face of pains .  You must keep going forward bravely !  Just fly your dream high above the sky . 

A father came home from work late ,  tired and exhausted .  He worked day and night ,  hoping to earn more money for his only child .  His 5­ year ­old daughter was waiting for him at the door . 
 " Dad ,  how much do you earn an hour ?  " asked the daughter . 
 " Why do you ask that ?  " 
 " I just want to know .  Please tell me how much you earn an hour .  " 
 " If you really want to know  I earn $20 an hour .  " 
 " Oh ,  "  the little girl replied with *  her head down .  Looking up ,  she said ,   " Dad ,  may I borrow $10 ?  " 
The father became angry .  " Go to bed right now !  Think about how *  selfish you are .  I work hard every day ,  but *  you just want to buy your silly toy !  " 
The little girl quietly went to her bedroom ,  feeling sad .  After *  an hour or so ,  the father calmed down and started to feel sorry because she really didn't ask for money very often .  So he *  went to his daughter's room and gave her $10 . 
The little girl jumped from the bed .   " Oh ,  thank you ,  Dad !  "  She was really happy indeed . 
Then she took out her own savings and said ,  " Dad ,  I have $20 now .  Can I buy an *  hour of your time ?  Please come home elrlier tomorrow .  I would like to have dinner with you .  " 

Many of the world's pollution problems have been caused by the crowding of large groups of people into the cities .  Supply for the needs of the people leads to further pollution by industry . 
If *  the rapid increase of world population continues at the present rate ,  there may be much greater harm to human beings . 
Some scientists speak of the increase in numbers of people as *   " population pollution "  . 
About 2 , 000 years ago ,  the world population was about 250 million .  It reached a billion in 1850 .  By 1930 the population was two billion .  It is now six billion . 
It is expected to double by the year 2020 . If the population continues to grow at the same rate ,  there will be 25 billion people in the world a *  hundred years from now . 
Man has been using the earth's resources more and more rapidly over the past years .  Some of them *  are almost gone . 
Now many people believe that man's greatest problem is how to control the growth of the population . 
The material supplies in the world will be far from enough to support the human population if the present rate of increase continues . 

 " The measure of a man's real character is what *  he would do if he knew he would never be found out .  "    Thomas Macaulay
One day ,  some thirty years ago ,  Mrs .  O'Neill gave us a test to our class .  When the papers were marked ,  she discovered 12 boys had made exactly the same mistakes throughout the test .  There is nothing new about cheating in exams .  Perhaps that was why *  Mrs .  O'Neill didn't even say a word about it .  She only asked the twelve boys to remain after *  class .  I was one of them *  . 
Mrs .  O'Neill asked no questions ,  and she didn't scold us either .  Instead ,  she wrote on the *  blackboard the above words by Thomas Macaulay .  She then ordered us to copy these words into our exercise books one hundred times . 
It was the most important single lesson of my life .  Thirty years later ,  the words still seem to me the best yardstick ,  because they give us a way to measure ourselves rather than others . 

Every morning ,  on his way to work ,  Mike passed an old man who *  was always at the same place with a cup in his hand hoping to get a bit of change from those who passed by .  For most people ,  this person was someone to be ignored as if he *  didn't exist ,  someone who they didn't want to be bothered with .  However ,  Mike would *  always say good morning to him and wish him a nice day and sometimes would drop a dollar or two in his cup .  This behavior went on for several years until *  one day before retirement . 
He told the man that he would no longer pass by because it was his last day on the job .  The man took his hand and shook it warmly saying that he had always looked forward to seeing Mike not because he dropped a few dollars in his cup .  He said he would miss him because he was one of the few people who said hello and wished him a good day .  The man also said that his warm words always brightened his day and helped him to continue . 
We all have power of words and we often do not recognize that some can be devastating while *  some can be encouraging . 

Scottsdale was a typical American suburb in the 1950s , with children going to each other's houses to play ,  or riding their bikes around the neighbourhood .  But for Steven Spielberg none of these  " normal "  activities were very exciting .  Instead he made his *  own entertainment ,  like the time he convinced his younger sisters that he had a dead body in his bedroom and almost frightened them to death . 
When Steven was about seven years old ,  he developed a *  love for television ,  despite the attempts his parents made to control the child's viewing .  His father secretly placed hair on the television  " ON "  switch to know when Steven watched TV .  But Steven would memorize its position and replace it after *  watching hours of television . 
A chance finally came for Steven to combine his ability to entertain with *  his enthusiasm for television .  When his father received a movie camera for Father's Day ,  the movies he took , according to Steven ,  were terrible .  Annoyed by his son's constant criticism ,  he gave the camera to Steven . 
Steven proved to be an expert with the camera and quickly made several films using his own toys as the performers .  His parents were astonished by how life­like they were and so he began a magnificent movie career . 

Sometimes a book can be so unforgettable that its ideas ,  characters and events pass into everyday life .  One such book is The Adventures of Pinocchio by the Italian author Carlo Collodi .  There must *  be millions of people ,  who ,  if caught lying ,  have been told ,   " Your nose is growing !  "  Many don't even know the original liar with the growing nose was a wooden puppet boy as a famous fairy tale for *  children . 
Pinocchio comes into being when a man finds a talking piece of wood ,  which *  he gives to a poor old wood carver called Geppetto ,  who carves it into a wooden puppet boy .  From the *  beginning ,  Pinocchio is naughty .  Instead of going to school ,  he sells his school books so that he can see a carnival .  He is so *  foolish as to get Geppetto and himself into trouble . 
Collodi's tale is full of fantasies that stir the imaginations of children and adults .  For example ,  Pinocchio is swallowed by a shark .  Later ,  Pinocchio goes down to hell . 
What Pinocchio desperately wants is to become a real boy .  He does become that in the end .  To become a real boy Pinocchio has to learn to behave well ,  just as real children have to  " grow up "  before they can become adults . 

Sarah: How are you recently ,  Jane ? 
Jane: Not very well .  I have been gaining weight .  It is too much for my height .  The doctor asked me to watch what I eat ,  but I can't help eating sweets whenever they are in my presence .  I should have followed my doctor's advice . 
Sarah: It *  is believed by many people that overweight results from *  overeating .  You need to work out .  Why don't you attend an aerobic class ?  Perhaps it can lessen your anxiety . 
Jane: Can I certainly lose weight after attending that class ? 
Sarah: Yes ,  I think so .  You can not only work the fat off your body but also keep your body fit .  So you can kill two birds with one stone . 
Jane: You mean I don't need to diet ? 
Sarah: What *  I mean is that you need to go on a *  diet while you are working out .  To lose weight ,  combining exercise with dieting may be the most effective way I've ever known . 
Jane: Thank you for your advice .  I think I'd better try that class . 


Can you believe that 2013 is gone and we have entered 2014 ? 
For people in the US ,  when the big ball dropped in Times Square ,  New York at 12 am on Jan 1 ,  a whole new calendar of dreams ,  hopes and challenges began . 
apart from holding parties ,  people in Western countries traditionally make New Year's resolutions .  A *  New Year's resolution is a promise to yourself to get something done   to finish a long delayed project ,  develop a positive habit or repair a damaged relationship ,  for example . 
The new year offers the chance to rebuild oneself ,  and resolutions make that process more concrete .  They say:  " I will change ,  and this is how I will do it .  " 
So ,  at the beginning of January ,  gym owners can expect their *  profits to go up ,  because *  people crowd the exercise machines to keep their weight loss resolutions . 
McDonald's and KFC along with various alcohol ,  cigarette and video game companies might lose some money ,  causing their CEOs to panic . 
But the sad truth is that *  humans are weak .  By March 1 ,  these trends will have already begun to reverse themselves .  People's waistlines will go back to where they were; they'll start smoking again . 

No one can believe that the over 6 , 300­kilometre Great Wall might disappear someday .  Believe it or *  not ,  the Great Wall is being destroyed by people .  Less than 20 percent of the Great Wall built in the Ming Dynasty is still perfect ,  but about 80 percent is in *  danger . The Great Wall can be called  " great "  mostly because of its amazing length .  But we should realize that the length was made up of one brick at a time .  If we do nothing *  to save the Great Wall ,  it will become a series of separate wasteland rather than *  a historic site . 
The Great Wall is actually a series of walls built and rebuilt by different dynasties over the past 2 , 000 years .  It began in the rule of China's first emperor ,  Qin Shihuang of the Qin Dynasty,  and lasted into the Ming Dynasty .  The parts built before the Ming Dynasty have nearly disappeared .  The bricks on the Great Wall are carried off by countryside people to build their houses ,  sheep corrals and pigsties .  Some were taken away to build roads .  Bricks carved with people's names are put away as remembrances .  Rubbish spreads over the battlements .  The bricks can be sold for 15 yuan per tractor load .  The local farmers not only carried off the body of the Wall but also dug out the entire base .  Those who *  destroyed and are destroying the Wall know its name ,  but are not clear about its cultural meaning .  It *  will take a long time to let them know this . 

When Sam first got to his boarding school with his parents ,  he was very happy .  He thought he would be able to go home every weekend .  When he was told that he would not ,  he started crying because the *  thought of not seeing his parents was driving him crazy . 
He was given uniforms and all other things that he would need for the term .  He started crying when it *  was time for his parents to leave .  He was then taken to the dorm ,  where *  he saw other children happy .  He tried as much as he could to fit in but could not because his mind was at home .  He started feeling homesick and wanted to go home as soon as possible . 
He got sick soon because *  he could not eat the school food .  He could not concentrate in the classroom .  All he could think of was being at home with his family .  He had no mobile phone or other *  means to get in touch with his parents .  He was angry and felt lonely .  He thought his parents hated him and that was why *  they left him in a boarding school . 

Interviewer: Hi ,  young man .  Could you tell me something about yourself and why you are applying for this job ? 
Interviewee: I left school three months ago .  I got As in nearly every subject .  I am not going to university because *  I have to support my family now .  My father has retired recently .  My parents need money for my younger brother and sister's tuition fees . 
Interviewer: I see .  Have you had any working experience ? 
Interviewee: I worked in a *  radio factory for two months . 
Interviewer: That's a very short time ,  isn't it ? 
Interviewee: Yes .  The factory wanted extra people for their busy season . 
Interviewer: I understand .  Why *  are you interested in this job ? 
Interviewee: My wish is to become a skilled technician .  Will I be trained here ? 
Interviewer: Partly .  If you pass our tests ,  you'll be able to go to technical school classes twice a week .  The tests are held after you have been here for three months .  We'll know by then if you're suitable for the job . 
Interviewee: That's fine .  I will make sure that I pass . 
Interviewer: All right .  I'll give you a chance .  My secretary will tell you whom *  to see .  You could start work on *  the first day of next month .  Is that all right ? 
Interviewee: Yes ,  and thank you very much indeed . 

A jobless man applied for the position of  " office boy "  at a big firm . 
The HR manager interviewed him ,  then a test: clean the floor .   " You are hired ,  "  he said ,   " give me your email address ,  and * I'll send you the application to fill .  "  The man replied  " I don't have a computer ,  neither an email "  . 
 " I'm sorry ,  "  said the HR manager ,   " that means you do not exist .  And whoever * doesn't exist cannot have the job .  "  The man left with * no hope at all .  He didn't know what to do ,  with only $10 in his pocket . 
He then decided to go to the supermarket and buy a 10 KG tomato crate .  He then sold the tomatoes in a door to door round .  In less than two hours ,  he succeeded in doubling his capital .  He repeated the operation 3 times ,  and returned home with $60 .  
5 years later ,  the man is one of the biggest food retailers in the US .  He started to plan his family's future ,  and decided to have a life insurance . 
He called an * insurance broker ,  and chose a protection plan .  When the conversation was concluded ,  the broker asked him his email .  The man replied:  " I don't have an email "  .  The broker replied curiously ,   " You don't have an email ,  and yet have established an empire !  Do you imagine what * you could have been if you had an email ? 
The man thought for a while ,  and replied:  " An office boy !  " 


There was once a boy who had a temper .  His father gave him a bag of nails and told him that every time he lost his temper ,  he must * hammer a nail into the back of the fence . 
   The first day the boy drove 37 nails into the fence .  Over the next few weeks as he learned to control his anger ,  the number of nails hammered gradually decreased .  He discovered it * was easier to hold his temper than to drive nails into the fence . 
   Finally the day came when * he didn't lose his temper .  He told his father and his father suggested that the boy now pull out one nail for each day so that he was able to hold his anger .  The days passed and the boy told his father that all the nails were gone . 
   The father took the boy by * the hand and led him to the fence .  He said ,   " Look at the holes in the fence .  The fence will never be the same .  When you say things in anger; they leave a scar just like the ones * on the fence .  It won't matter how many times you say I am sorry ,   the * wound is still there .  A verbal wound is as bad as a physical one .  Friends are very rare .  They make you smile and encourage you to succeed .  They lend an ear ,  and always want to open their hearts to us .  "  

An old man who lived in a small street in the city of Mumbai had to put up with * the nuisance of having boys play cricket outside his house at night . 
  One evening when the boys were particularly noisy ,  he went out to talk to them .  He explained that he was happiest when * he could see or hear boys playing his favourite game ,  cricket .  He said he would give them 25 rupees  each week to play in the street at night .  
   The boys were thrilled .  They were being paid to do something they enjoyed !  At the end of the first week they knocked at the old man's door and asked him to pay them ,  and so he did . 
   The second week when they asked for payment he said he had run out of money and sent them away with only 15 rupees .  The third week the man said he had not yet * received his pension and gave them only 10 rupees .  The boys were very disappointed but there was not much they could do about it *  .  The fourth week the man said he could not afford to pay them 25 rupees as * he had promised ,  but would give them 5 rupees each week without fail . 
　This was too much for the boys . 
 " You expect us to play seven days a week for a merely 5 rupees !  "  they yelled .   " Go to blazes .  "  They stormed away and never played on the street again .  

Many years ago ,  when I worked as a volunteer at Stanford Hospital ,  I got to know a little girl _named Liz who was suffering from a rare and serious disease .  Her only chance of recovery appeared to be a blood transfusion from * her 5 year old brother ,  who * had miraculously survived the same disease and had developed the antibodies needed to fight the illness . 
The doctor explained the situation to her little brother ,  and asked the boy if he would be willing to give his blood to his sister .  I saw him hesitate for a moment before * taking a deep breath and saying ,   " Yes ,  I'll do it if * it can save Liz .  " 
As * the transfusion progressed ,  he lay in bed next to his sister and smiled ,  as we all did ,  seeing the color returning to her cheeks .  Then his * face grew pale and his smile faded .  He looked up at the doctor and asked with a trembling voice ,   " Will I start to die right away ?  " 
Being young ,  the boy had misunderstood the doctor; he thought he was going to have to give his sister all of his blood .  


One morning ,  I was waiting at the bus stop ,  worried about being late for school .  There were many people waiting at the bus stop ,  and * some of them looked very anxious and disappointed .  When the bus finally came ,  we all hurried on board .  I got a place next to * the window ,  so I had a good view of the sidewalk .  A boy on a bike caught my attention .  He was riding beside the bus and waving his arms .  I heard a passenger behind me shouting to the driver ,  but he refused to stop until we reached the next stop . Still ,  the boy kept riding .  He was carrying something over his shoulder and shouting .  Finally ,  when we came to the next stop ,  the boy ran up to the door of the bus .  I heard an excited conversation .  Then the driver stoop up and asked ,   "  Did anyone lose a suitcase at the last stop ?  "  A woman on the bus shouted ,   " Oh dear !  It is mine .  "  She pushed her way to the driver and took the suitcase thankfully .  Everyone on the bus began talking about what the boy had done ,  and the crowd of strangers suddenly became friendly to one another .  

Jonny:Hey !  I'm just practicing Tai Chi .  Would you like to join me ? 
Peter:I know nothing about it .  Is it difficult ? 
Jonny:It seems easy ,  but you need a lot of practice .  You just follow me like this . 
Peter:OK .  Don't laugh at * me .  I may look funny . 
Jonny:Bend your knees slightly and reach out your arms like tree branches ,  naturally and softly .  Try to keep your body straight .  Move slowly ,  then be sure to keep your balance and don't let your body shake . 
Peter:I cannot control my body well .  My legs become painful . 
Jonny:Keep holding your position for a while .  It helps develop your strength and flexibility .  Raise your leg and let it * stay in the air for seconds . 
Peter:I feel my legs shaking .  I cannot do this any longer . 
Jonny:Be patient !  Tai Chi is called  " shadow boxing "  in English .  It asks you to act like water: to be flexible as well as * strong .  In real competition ,  a Tai Chi master borrows the strength of the competitor and uses this energy to fight back .  The harder you try to beat him ,  the more likely you will get hit .  He controls you ! 
Peter:Unbelievable !  Oh  ,  if * you don't mind ,  I'll stop and take a deep breath . 

W:Mr .  Brown ,  this is your bed ,  and as you can see ,  there are three other beds in the ward .  Have you got everything you need ? 
M:Yes ,  nurse ,  I think so * I followed the hospital's advice ,  and I've only brought a few belongings with me . 
W:Good ,  you can see the reasons why * we ask you to do that ,  the cupboard is really very small . 
M:Yes .  Nurse ,  can you tell me what the visiting hours are ? 
W:Yes ,  of course .  They are in the afternoon from 2:30 to 4:30 and in  the evening from 7:00 to * 8:00 ,  but remember that only two people can see you at the same time . 
M:I see .  What other rules are there ? 
W:Yes . We start pretty early .  We wake you at 6 o'clock ,  and breakfast is at 8 o'clock ,  lunch is at noon ,  there is tea at 3:30 ,  and supper is at 6 o'clock . 
M:Oh ,  that's very different from what I have been used to .  You'd better tell me the rest of the rules here . 
W:Yes .  Well ,  you can see the no smoking sign .  We don't allow smoking in the wards ,  and the same goes for alcohol .  However ,  if you need to smoke ,  there are special rooms . 
M:Oh ,  I don't smoke ,  so it doesn't affect me . 
W:Good . 

A friend's grandfather came to America from Eastern Europe .  After settling down at Ellis Island ,  he went into a cafeteria in Manhattan to get something to eat .  He sat down at an empty table and waited for someone to take his order .  Of course nobody did .  Finally ,  a woman with a tray full of food sat down opposite him and informed him how * a cafeteria worked . 
 " Start out at that end ,  "  she said .   " Just go along the line and pick out what you want .  At the * other end they'll tell you how much you have to pay .  " 
 " I soon learned how everything works in America ,  "  the grandfather told the friend .   " Life's a cafeteria here .  You can get anything you want as long as you are willing to pay the price .  You can even get success ,  but * you'll never get it if you wait for someone to bring it to you .  You have to get up and get it yourself .  " 
You can't change the inevitable .  The only thing you can do is * to control your attitude .  Once you reach that point in life ,  happiness and satisfaction can't be too far away . 

About three years ago ,  I gave a card to a Starbucks waitress .  When I went in the next day ,  she couldn't help crying and told me that she was deeply moved by my note and realized what she did really mattered . 
I went through a hard time when * I felt anything but thankful .  On New Year's Day of 2008 ,  I went for a hike ,  feeling unhappy .  I was overweight .  I owned a lawyer's office ,  but it was losing money .  On my hike ,  I heard a voice .  It said I should * not worry about what I wanted or had lost but should be grateful for what I had .  The idea of a year of thank­yous came into my head .  This project changed my life .  After I thanked my colleagues for directing cases to me ,  they sent me more .  When I expressed gratitude to clients for paying on time ,  they began doing so even more quickly .  
My * life has improved since that hike .  I'm now in great shape ,  and I have got my dream job .  Having written my 860th note ,  I can say thank­you letters make a * difference and that gratefulness is a path to the peace we all try to get . 

My daughter's birthday is May 29 .  As it was Monday ,  we preferred to celebrate it earlier on Saturday .  On Friday the entire family were busy packing the presents and putting funny pins on them .  I promised my little princess that I would wake her up early in the morning and distribute the presents to her classmates . 
I woke up at 5:30 when * I realized that an earthquake struck .  I woke my husband up and * asked him to carry my daughter and ran out .  We were watching our house shaking from outside .  However ,  as we had planned ,  we went to my daughter's school but no one was there except the teacher who warned us to get back to our house as tsunami might come soon . 
Returning to my house ,  I began to wonder about the presents: to whom we should deliver ?  After some discussion ,  we decided to give them to the children in hospital .  Entering the hospital ,  I was really shocked .  There were thousands of people bleeding and lying outside the rooms .  A boy came up with a bandage on his head .  Quickly I handed over one present to him *  . 

Last week ,  in an unusual way ,  a stranger treated me with generosity .  At an Asian grocery store on a busy evening ,  I was shopping for the items I needed for * my voluntary work of cooking breakfast on Saturday at a shelter for the homeless in San Jose .  I went to the store  to buy tofu and vegetables .  As I was waiting in line to finish the purchase ,  the lady next to me approached me to find out how * I was going to consume the big box of tofu I was buying .  Enthusiastically ,  I replied that I was buying food to cook breakfast for homeless people . 
While I was getting ready to pay the bill ,  to my  amazement ,  she offered to pay for everything . Despite multiple requests for  her * name ,  she responded that she felt good because I was doing the kind of community work which her parents once received help from  when *  they came to this country as refugees .  Hence she wanted to take the * opportunity to show her gratitude . 
It was the  best reward I had ever received for my voluntary work ,   which * began three years ago .  In a strange way we are all connected and we feel for each other .  That's what I call being a  " human "  . 


Interviewer: I wonder  if * you could tell me something about your stamp­collecting ,  Mr .  Gibbon . 
Gibbon:I'd be pleased to .  What kind of things would you like to know ? 
Interviewer:How old were you when you started  to collect  stamps ? 
Gibbon:I'd just started secondary school ,  so I might be 12 . 
Interviewer:And how many years have you been collecting stamps ? 
Gibbon:Well ,  I'm  40 now ,  so I'll leave you to work that out *  . 
Interviewer:OK .  How did you start collecting ?  I mean , where did you get your first stamps ? 
Gibbon:My father used to collect stamps ,  and I was interested in his collection .  He gave me my first packet of stamps ,  and they * were British .  
 Interviewer:You  have been collecting stamps for all these years .  How many would you say you've got altogether ? 
Gibbon:That's not easy to answer ,  but roughly I'd say about ten thousand stamps . 
Interviewer:That's a lot !  How much do you think they're worth ? 
Gibbon:I'll guess perhaps about D|S15 , 000 . 
Interviewer:Hmm !  And which is the oldest stamp in your collection ? 
Gibbon:That's easy to answer !  I've got one of the world's first stamps   the Penny Black ,  which * was sold in Britain in 1840 . 
Interviewer:Do you only collect British stamps or stamps from all over the world ? 
Gibbon:No .  I specialize in Great Britain ,  and also China and Finland .  I've got quite a good collection of these  countries . 

In the United States ,  there were 222 people reported to be billionaires in 2003 .  The richest of these is Bill Gates ,  worth at least $ 41 billion ,  who made his money by * starting the company Microsoft .  Mr .  Gates was only 21 years old when * he first helped to set up the company in 1976 .  He was a billionaire by * the time he was 30 .  However *  ,  there are still some other people who have made lots of money at even younger ages .  Other young people who have struck it rich include Jackie Coogan and Shirley Temple .  Both of these child actors made over a million dollars acting in movies before they were 14 .  But the * youngest billionaire is Albert von Thurnund Taxis of Germany ,  who ,  in 2001 ,  inherited a billion dollars when he turned 18 !  
            
Finishing their shopping at the mall ,  a couple discovered that their new car had been stolen .  They filed a report at * the police station and a detective drove them back to the parking lot to look for evidence .  
To their amazement ,  the car had been returned and * there was a note in it that said:  " I apologize for taking your car .  My wife was having a baby and I had to rush her to the hospital .  Please forget the inconvenience .  There are two tickets for * tonight's Mania Twain concert .  "  
Their faith in humanity restored .  The couple attended the * concert .  But when they returned home ,  they immediately found that * their house had been ransacked .  On the bathroom mirror was another * note:  " I have to put my kid through college somehow ,  don't I ?  "  


People living in different countries made different kinds of words .  Today there are about fifteen hundred  languanges in the world .  Each contains many thousands of words .  A very large dictionary ,  for example ,  contains four or * five hundred thousand words .  But we do not need all these .  To read short stories you need to know only about two thousand words .  Before * you leave school ,  you will learn only one thousand or more . 
The words you know are called your vocabulary .  You should try to make your vocabulary bigger .  Read as many books as we can .  There are a lot of books written in easy English .  You will enjoy them .  When you meet a * new word ,  look it up * in your dictionary .  Your dictionary is your most useful book .  

When you are in England you must be very careful in the streets because the traffic drives on the left .  Before you cross a street you must look to the right first and then the left .  In the morning and in the evening when people go to or come from work ,  the streets are very busy .  Traffic is most dangerous then .  
When you go by bus in England ,  you have to be careful ,  too .  Always remember the traffic moves on the left .  So you must be careful .  Have a look first ,  or you will go the * wrong way .  
In many English cities ,  there are big buses with * two floors .  You can sit on the second floor .  From there * you can see the city very well .  It's very interesting .  



An * artist had a small daughter .  Sometimes he painted women without* any clothes on ,  and he and his wife always tried to keep the small girl out when * he was doing this ,   " She is too* young to understand ,  "  they said .  
But one day ,  when the artist was painting a woman with no clothes on ,  he forgot to lock the door ,  and the girl suddenly ran into the room .  He mother ran up the stairs after * her ,  but when she got to the room ,  the little girl was already in the room and looking at the woman Both her parents waited for her to speak .  
For a few seconds the little girl said nothing *  ,  but then she ran to her mother and said angrily ,   " Why do you let her go about without shoes and socks on when you don't let me ?  "  


Most Americans don't like to get advice and * members of their family .  They get advice from  " strangers "  .  When they need advice ,  they don't usually go to people they know .  Instead many of them write letters to newspapers and magazines which * give advice on many different subjects including family problems ,  the use of language ,  health ,  cooking ,  child care ,  clothes ,  and * even on how to buy a house or a car .  
Most newspapers regularly print letters from readers with problems .  Along with the letters there are answers written by people who are supposed to know how to solve such problems .  Some of these writers are doctors ,   others * are lawyers or educators .  But two of the most famous writers of advice are women without special training for this kind of work .  

Without proper planning ,  tourism can cause problems .  For example ,  too many tourists can crowd public places that * are also enjoyed by the inhabitants of a country .  If tourism create too much traffic ,  the inhabitants will become annoyed and unhappy .  They begin to dislike tourists and* to treat them impolitely .  They forget how much tourism can help the country's economy .  It * is important to think about the people of a destination country and how* tourism affects them .  Tourism should help a * country keep the customs and beauty that attracts tourists .  Tourism should also advance the wealth and happiness of local inhabitants .  
Too much tourism can be a problem .  If tourism grows too quickly ,  people must leave other jobs to work in * the tourism industry .  This means that other parts of the country's economy can suffer .  

London was awarded the * 2012 Olympic Games on Wednesday ,  defeating European rival Paris in the final round of voting to take the games back to British capital for * the first time since 1948 .  
After * Moscow ,  New York and Madrid were eliminated in the first three rounds London beat Paris 54 50 on the fourth ballot of the IOC .  
In London crowds cheered and waved flags as they * watched the announcement from Singapore on * a giant screen in Trafalgar Square and in the east London area where * the main Olympic complex will be based .  
Blair spent two days in lobbying in Singapore before * leaving to host the G8 summit in Scotland .   " My promise to you is we will be your very best partners ,  "  Blair said .  
It's the fourth bid from Britain after failed attempts by Birmingham for the 1992 Olympics and Manchester for the 1996 and 2000 .  

Why is setting goals so important ?  Because goals can help you do ,  be ,  and experience everything that * you want in life .  Instead of * just letting life happen to you ,  goals allow yourself * to make your life happen .  Successful and happy people have sets lots of goals to help them reach their aims .  By setting goals you are taking control of your life .  It's like * having a map to show you where * you want to go .  
Winners in life set goals and follow through with them .  Winners decide what they want in life and then get there by making plans and setting goals .  Unsuccessful people just let life happen by accident .  Goals aren't difficult to set ,  and they * aren't difficult to reach .  It is up to you to find out what your goals really are .  You are the * one who must decide what to do and in what direction to aim your life .  


We often think of future .  We often wonder what * the world will be like a hundred years' time .  
Think of space .  Perhaps a permanent station on the moon will have been set up .  Perhaps people will be able to visit the moon as tourists .  Cheap rockets for space travel will have been developed ,  permitting long journeys through the solar system .  When that time comes ,  people will be taking holidays in space and visiting other * planets .  Great progress will have been made in * medicine ,  too .  Pollution will have been controlled in a hundred years' time .  
All the world will have been developed even Antarctica .  We will have used up most of the earth's land to build our cities ,  so * floating cities will have been built .  The Japanese have already plans of this kind .  And there will be cities under * the sea .  

Once upon a time there was a rich merchant who * had 4 wives .  He loved the 4th wife the most .  He took great care of her and gave her nothing but * the best .  He also loved the 3rd wife very much .  He was very proud of her and always wanted to show off her to his friends .  He also loved his 2nd wife .  She is a * very considerate person ,  always patient and in fact is the merchant's close friend .  When * the merchant faced some problems ,  he always turned to his 2nd wife and she * would always help him out and tide him through * difficult times .  Now ,  the merchant's 1st wife is a very loyal partner and has made great contributions in maintaining his wealth and business as well as taking care of the household .  However *  ,  the merchant did not love the first wife and although she loved him deeply ,  he hardly took notice of her .       
 
There once were a goat and a donkey that * lived on a farm .  The donkey worked the hardest so the farmer fed it the most food .  Sometimes the donkey was given more food than* it could eat .  This made the goat so jealous that * it began plotting againstthe donkey .   " Hey ,  donkey ,  "  the goat said one day .   " I think you do too much work on this farm .  You carry such heavy things from morning to night .  Why don't you pretend to get sick so you can take a day off *  ?  The donkey thought the goat had a great idea .  So the next morning ,  the donkey lay in the stable on its side with its eyes closed .  Right away ,  the farmer called the doctor .  After * looking at the donkey ,  the doctor said it needed a special medicine made from * the heart of a goat .  So the farmer killed his * goat and gave the donkey medicine made from its heart . 

Dawn graduated several years ago .   She had been a successful model ,  and finding a job had not been a problem until recently  . 
When Dawn did start trying to find another type of job ,  she found in interview after interview that computer literacy was a must to employment . 
Since Dawn had always been afraid of * learning computer while in college our school didn't require to learn computer at that time she managed to get a degree without * ever confronting a computer . 
Finally ,  after months of searching for a job ,  Dawn failed .  She had to admit that sidestepping computer literacy hadn't been a good idea .  Therefore ,  She enrolled in a computer course at an * adult vocational school . 
Surprisingly ,  although she had been afraid of learning computer ,  she took to computers so * much that after about a year she opened her own computer based business . 
 
Some day ,  if * you are lucky ,  you may see a bongo .  But the only way most people will see it is in a zoo .  They are found in Africa ,  where * they live deep in forests .  Even in Africa ,  very few people ever get to see a bongo .  The bongo does not come out of the forest very often .  It is an animal that keeps to itself *  . 
The bongo has beautiful coloring .  Its hair is bright brown mixed with orange and red .  Down its back and across its sides the bongo has yellow white strips .  Animals that look for * food at night usually have big eyes .  This helps them see better at night .  The forests in which bongos live are very dark .  The eyes of bongos are very big .  So ,  they have no trouble living in the darkness . 
Bongos in zoos do not like to go outside on bright days .  They only go outside on those days when * it is dark or very cloudy . 
 
Gandhi ,  an Indian national hero ,  was honored as * the father of the Indian nation .  He has been respected and beloved by the Indians . 
He was born in India in 1869 .  Following the local custom ,  he got married at the age of 13 .  In 1888 he sailed to England ,  where * he studied law for three years and became a lawyer .  On his return to India ,  he was sent to South Africa to work on a law case . 
In South Africa he was surprised to find that the problem of racial discrimination was serious .  There he formed an organization and started a magazine to fight for * equal rights . 
Gandhi returned to India in 1915 ,  when * India was controlled by the British .  He led the Indians to fight for an end to the British rule and independence for his country .  In the political movement many Indians including Gandhi were put in prison .  However *  ,  the struggles never stopped .  The British government had to give in * and India won its independence in 1947 .  Unfortunately Gandhi was shot by an Indian who opposed his views and died on January 30th ,  1948 . 
 

Mrs .  Wilson ,  the wife of a rich man ,  invited some of her friends to lunch .  She was trying a new way to cook fish and she was very pleased with herself * when the fish was ready .  As the fish was very hot ,  she put it near the open window to cool for a few minutes .  Five minutes later ,  when she came back for it ,  she was surprised to find the neighbor's cat at the fish .  She was in time to stop the cat before * it was too late .  That afternoon every one enjoyed the fish .  They talked and laughed until * four o'clock . 
After the guests left ,  Mrs .  Wilson felt tired but * happy .  She was sitting down in a chair near the window when she saw the neighbor's cat dead in her garden .  She was sure the fish was bad .  What would * happen to her friends ?  She at once telephoned the family doctor for help .  The doctor liked each guest to meet him .  Once again Mrs .  Wilson was alone in her chair still tired but not longer happy .  Just then the telephone rang .  It * was her neighbor ,   " Oh ,  Mrs .  Wilson ,  "  he cried .  "  My cat is dead .  She was killed by someone in a car and put in your garden… .  " 

Nowadays ,  almost everyone has realized that smoking is harmful to people's health .  Sometimes it even * causes fire . 
In China ,  about 38% of the people smoke .  Every year ,  they smoke millions of packets of cigarettes .  It's bad news for the health of nation . 
It's known that smoking can cause different kinds of disease .  Every year ,  many people die of * these illnesses ,  such as lung and throat cancers .  It also costs the government much money to look after * these sick people .  Smoking is also harmful to those who * don't smoke ,  especially to children and women . 
In a word ,  smoking is no good .  If * you want to smoke ,  just think of those who suffer from diseases and * the fires that destroy people's lives and properties ! 


Many people like to read the latest newspaper .  But how * is it produced so quickly ? 
The most important man may be the * chief editor .  He decides what * to do .  Every morning the journalists are sent to report the events .  Sometimes they need a face to face interview with people or * do telephone interviews .  Meanwhile ,  the picture editor sends photographer to take the photos they need . 
Later in the day ,  they pass the stories and the developed photos to the editor .  
The chief editor will choose the most important news for the front page .  Other * editors read the stories ,  make some necessary changes and write headlines for them .  Finally the newspaper is printed and delivered to different places . 
 
With the development of industry ,  air pollution is getting more and more serious .  In Beijing ,  many people suffer different kinds of illnesses because of * air pollution . 
Air pollution is caused by the following reasons: about half of the problem is caused by vehicles .  There are more and more cars ,  buses on the roads ,  and they give off poisonous gases .  25% of air pollution is caused by factories .  Another factor is the smokers .  Smoking not only does harm to their health  but also to others .  Besides these ,  about 10%of air pollution is caused by other reasons . 
We should take some measures to fight against* pollution .  New fuel can be used to take the * place of gas .  We can plant more trees .  If everybody realizes the importance of environment and does something to stop pollution ,  the problem will be solved . 


Recently ,  a website has carried out * a survey about the common view on graduates from * Beijing University . 
28% of the interviewed companies think that they are satisfied with the graduates from Beijing University .  The graduates in their companies have a wide range of knowledge and they learn things very quickly and easily . 
However *  ,  most of the companies don't think much of graduates from Beijing University .  In their eyes ,  the graduates always stick to* their own opinions and lack the teamwork spirit when * they are working .  Besides ,  they may not be satisfied with their jobs even with big companies ,  and they usually ask too much .  As a result ,  34% of the companies insist that they * will not employ graduates from Beijing University . 
In brief ,  society and even the students themselves expect too much from graduates from Beijing University .  That's why * a graduate claims that he is rubbish .  

As soon as I returned from the USA ,  I called up * Lily ,  one of my neighbours .  I dialed several times ,  but I still could not get through* it .   " Is it her telephone out of order or has she changed the number ?  "  I thought .   " She used to help me greatly when I was in need of her .  She is a kind lady ,  who * is thought highly of by others .  Anyway  ,  I must go to see her this time .  "  The next morning ,  the * wind was blowing hard .  Regardless of the bad weather ,  I went to the shop ,  buying some presents .  Then I took a taxi and drove to her home .  I arrived ten minutes later .  I knocked at the door .  Out came an old lady .   " Is Lily's home here ?  "  I asked her .   " Oh ,  you are Tony !  "  The lady cried in * amazement .   " I myself am Lily !  "   " Is she Lily ?  She is much older than Lily !  "  It's my turn to be shocked this time .  I starred at her for several minutes .   " My God !  She is Lily ,  How * can one person change so much ?  " 


An idea to cycle to Tibet occurred to * me one year ago .  I know it's quite practical in economical way .  For one thing ,  I can't have too much money .  For another ,  it is bound to do me good because I can take in * fresh air on the way there .  I called Tom ,  who had borrowed me a sum of money ,  telling him my idea .  He was excited at my words and promised to pay off his debt as soon as possible .  He also offered to team up * with me .  Apparently ,  he also showed great interest in this trip .  Five months before our trip ,  we kept taking exercise and built up our strong bodied because * we knew it would be impossible to realize or dream without being healthy .  I used to hear that some people making a trip there died from the * lack oxygen they devote their lives to their dream !  But the cost is too much .  So both of us insisted on running in the morning from time to time . 


I went to the seaside to spend my holiday last summer holiday with my family .  One day ,  I was swimming in the river when * someone shouted ,   " Look out .  There is a shark not far away !  "  on hearing the shout ,  I was scared to death because I was well aware of * its dangerous characteristic .   " Just don't worry ,  Tom !  "  my father said to me ,   " but in order to avoid being harmed ,  let's go back to our hotel .  " 
We stayed in the seaside for about two weeks .  Though the weather was much hotter than that in my hometown ,  I got used to it * and felt at home .  Every morning ,  I got up earlier than my parents and went for breakfast ahead of time .  Then I went to have a * chat with my new friend ,  John ,  who I happened to come across * during my holiday .  John was a native and he was familiar with the seaside well .  He was a man with good qualification .  Soon we became very good friends .  After we parted ,  we have been kept writing to each other .  Now ,  I still often hear from him .  We talked in our letter about things and persons that * we remembered in the seaside . 

Tom is a boy with physical disability and he can't walk as a * normal boy .  In order to offer him more convenience ,  his mother bought him a robot whose * name is Jimmy yesterday .  Jimmy accompanies Tom every day after his parents leave for work ,  taking care of him .  Tom suffers from a rare disease .  He can't stand up .  Instead ,  he has to sit on an armchair all the day .  Jimmy show sympathy to Tom and tries his best to make him happy .  Some days ago ,  he took Tom to the park .  He tried to protect him from being harmed .  He gave Tom encouragement to have a try to walk .  So Tom did .   But to Jimmy's disappointment ,  Tom sell on the ground ,  causing some other boys nearby to make fun of * him .   " Don't laugh at the disabled !  "  Jimmy turned around ,  warning those boys .  They felt sorry and ran away immediately .  The next day ,  Jimmy took Tom to the park once again .  This time ,  Tom was used to the circumstance and didn't feel clumsy any longer .  He gets back his own confidence although * he is still a disabled boy . 

Earthquakes are what * people fear .  There are no earthquakes in some places .  Most places in the world ,  however *  ,  have them regularly .  Countries that have a lot of earthquakes are usually quite mountainous .  The earthquake which has been talked about most in the United States was in San Francisco in 1906 .  Over 700 people died in it .  The strongest one * in North America was in 1964 .  It * happened in Alaska .  Strong earthquakes are not always the ones that * kill the most people .  In 1775 ,  one of the strongest earthquakes ever recorded was felt in Portugal .  Around 2 , 000 people died .  In 1923 ,  a very strong earthquake hit the Tokyo ,  Yokohama area of Japan .  A hundred and forty thousand people died .  Most of them died in fires following the earthquake .  Earthquakes worry people a lot because * we often do not know when * they are coming .  So people cannot prepare for it . 


The Story of My Life by Helen Keller is the most influential book in my life .  It is filled with courage ,  struggle and faith throughout .  Helen Keller was once in deep despair in her childhood ,  but finally she decided to overcome her physical defects and live happily .  Furthermore ,  she showed great patience in * her long and hard learning period . 
I have learned ,  above all ,  three lessons from her story .  First ,  she taught me that often the road to success is to face hardships bravely .  Maybe you are born under an ill star yet you can stand a better chance than * others .  It is therefore important that you screw up your courage when * courage is needed .  Second ,  the impairment of part of her senses did not stop her * learning: on the contrary ,  she had made continual efforts to go deeper into the realm of knowledge ,  and her perseverance had thus helped her overcome many handicaps .  Third ,  she advised that we should make the most of our sense organs as if we would lose them soon because this way we would observe the world more carefully than ever before . 

It is said that long ago there used to be 10 suns in the sky .  Each day ,  one of the suns would travel around the sky on a carriage driven by Xihe ,  the mother of the suns .  One day ,  unexpectedly ,  all 10 suns simultaneously appeared in the sky ,  which * instantly dried the crops and caused disaster to the people on earth .  Hou i ,  a local archer ,  had great sympathy for* people's sufferings from the blistering weather and decided to help them out * .  Houyi climbed up to the summit of Kunlun Mountains and shot down the suns leaving only one to benefit people .  After he shot down the sun ,  Hou Yi became a hero who * was revered by local people .  Later ,  Hou Yi married a beautiful girl Chang'e .  The young couple lived a * happy and sweet life . 

On Christmas Eve ,  a man punished his 5 year old daughter for using up the family's only roll of expensive gold wrapping paper because money was tight .  However *  ,  the next morning the little girl brought a girl box to her father and said ,   " This is for you ,  Daddy !  "  As he opened the box ,  the father  was embarrassed by his earlier overreaction . 
But when he opened it ,  he found it * was empty and again his anger flared .   " Don't you know ,  young lady ,   " he said harshly ,   " when you give someone a present there's supposed to be something inside the package !  "  The little girl looked up * at him with tears rolling from her eyes and said:  " Daddy ,  it's not empty .  I blew kisses into it until * it was all full .  "  The father was crushed .  He fell on * his knees and put his arms around his precious little girl .  He begged her to forgive him for his unnecessary anger .  
An* accident took the life of the child only a short time later .  It is said that the father kept that little gold box by his bed for all the years of his life .  When * he was discouraged or faced difficult problems he would open the box ,  take out an imaginary kiss ,  and remember the love of this beautiful child who * had put it there . 
In a very real sense ,  each of us as human beings have been given an invisible golden box filled with unconditional love and kisses from our children ,  family ,  friends and God .  There is no more precious possession anyone could hold . 

Long before ,  there was a large mountainside ,  where rested an eagle's nest with four large eagle eggs .  One day an * earthquake rocked the mountain ,  causing one of the eggs to roll down the mountain to a chicken farm located in the valley below .  The chickens were kind enough to care for the eagle's egg ,  and an old hen volunteered to nurture and raise the large egg . 
One day ,  the egg hatched and a beautiful eagle was born .  Sadly ,  however *  ,  the eagle was raised to be a chicken .  Soon ,  the eagle believed he was nothing more than * a chicken .  The eagle loved his present family ,  but his spirit cried out for * more .  While playing on the farm one day ,  the eagle happened to notice a group of mighty eagles soaring in the skies .   " Oh ,  "  the eagle cried ,   " I wish I could soar like those birds .  " 
The chickens roared with laughter ,   " You cannot soar with those birds .  You are a chicken and chickens do not soar .  " 
The eagle continued staring at his real family up above ,  dreaming that he could be with them .  Each time the eagle would let his dreams known ,  he was told it couldn't be done .  That is what * the eagle learned to believe .  The eagle ,  after time ,  stopped dreaming and continued to live like a chicken .  Finally ,  after a long life as a chicken ,  the eagle passed away . 
You become what you believe you are .  So ,  if you ever dream of becoming an eagle ,  follow your * dreams not the words of a chicken . 


Money really can't buy happiness .  According to a new survey ,  lawyers and other * well paid white collar workers are more likely to suffer depression .  A national survey of more than 7500 professionals has found that almost one in * ten reported moderate to severe depressive symptoms .  The legal profession had the worst result ,  with * almost 16 percent reporting symptoms of clinical depression .  Next were accountants and insurance underwriters ,  both on 10 percent .  People in IT services ,  architecture and engineering also had depression rates above the average . 
The survey conducted by Beyondblue ,  an organization devoted to fighting depression ,  also showed that those * under 30 years old  who had the highest rates of depression were the most likely to  " self medicate "  with drugs and alcohol .  Beyondblue deputy chief executive and psychologist ,  Dr .  Nicole Highet ,  said the survey was first to reveal the extent of the problem .   " We often associate depression with the most socially disadvantaged and people under financial pressure ,  but * here's a whole different group .  "  Dr .  Highet said .  She said while it was difficult to know exactly what * made some groups more prone to depression ,  it was likely to be driven by work pressures . 


SHANGHAI China announced a huge economic stimulus plan on Sunday aimed at* bolstering its weakening economy ,  a move that * could also help fight the effects of the global slowdown . 
China said it would spend an* estimated $586 billion – about 7 percent of the * gross domestic product   over the next two years to construct new railways ,  subways and airports and rebuild communities destroyed by an earthquake in the southwest in May . 
The plan ,  announced Sunday evening by the State Council ,  is the largest economic effort ever undertaken by the Chinese government .  It came less than a week before President Hu Jintao was scheduled to travel to Washington for a global economic summit meeting hosted by US President Bush .  
On Sunday ,  Mr . Hu spoke by telephone with US President elect Barack Obama about a variety of issues ,  including the global financial crisis and how * the two countries might cooperate to help resolve economic problems ,  according to China's state run news media . 

Poor student behaviour seems to be an increasingly widespread problem and I think that modern lifestyles are probably responsible for this . 
In many countries ,  the birth rate is decreasing so that families are smaller with fewer children .  These children are often spoilt ,  not in terms of love and attention because working parents do not have the time for this ,  but* in more material ways .  They are allowed to have whatever * they want ,  regardless of price ,  and to behave as they please .  This means that the children grow up without * consideration for others and without any understanding of where * their standard of living comes from . 
When they get to school age they have not learnt any self control or discipline .  Teachers continually complain about * this problem and measures be taken to combat the situation .  But I think the situation to the problem lies with the families ,  who * need to be more aware of the future consequences of spoiling their children . 

